# exercise-tracker
It is very important to exercise and keep a healthy lifestyle, but many people struggle due to a lack of motivation. It can be difficult to know where to start with exercise, and it is hard to remember what exercises were performed last. Also, tracking exercises by paper can be time-consuming, and physical trackers can easily be lost along with all records of what has been done previously. A digital exercise tracker would help everyone to keep track of the workouts they have done, and stay motivated due to a clear record of past activities and progress. 
This digital fitness tracker provides a solution to these challenges. It uses a linked list to store a variety exercise options that the user can choose from. Since the linked list is scalable, the user can add new exercises to choose from by selecting the “Add New Exercise” button and entering in the exercise name and calories burned per minute associated with that exercise. The list is also sorted alphabetically using a selection sort for the user to quickly and easily locate the exercise that they want to track. The user can select an exercise from the dropdown which represents the linked list, enter the number of minutes they exercised for, and select the “Add Exercise” button to add a logged workout. This will add the workout to the queue and it will be displayed in the text area box on the screen with the associated calories calculated for the number of minutes they worked out. Since a queue follows the first-in, first-out principle, the workouts are order from oldest to newest, and the oldest workout is deleted first when the user selects the delete button. 
